[TASK] Rewrite TypoScript chapter (#2818)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/Configuration/TypoScript/Index.rst

.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt
.. index:: TypoScript; Syntax
.. _typoscript-syntax-start:
.. _typoscript-syntax-next-steps:
.. _typoscript-syntax-about:
.. _typoscript-syntax-syntax:

==========
TypoScript
==========

This chapter describes the syntax of TypoScript. The TypoScript syntax
and its parser logic is mainly used in two different contexts: `Frontend TypoScript`
to configure frontend rendering and `TSconfig` to configure backend details
for backend users.

> While the underlying TypoScript syntax is described in this chapter, both usages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the underlying TypoScript syntax is described in this chapter, both use cases
```

and their details are found in standalone manuals:

-  The :ref:`TypoScript Reference <t3tsref:start>` goes into details about the
   usage of TypoScript in the frontend.

-  The :ref:`TSconfig Reference <t3tsconfig:start>` goes into details about
   configuring the TYPO3 backend for backend users.

- A quick kick start to frontend TypoScript is available at :ref:`t3ts45:start`.

.. note::

    The TypoScript parser has been rewritten with TYPO3 v12. The new implementation is
    more resilient and more performant. This chapter has been rewritten for TYPO3 v12.
    Some hints are given throughout the document where the new parser is more relaxed
    or more strict. Refer to
    `older versions <https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/reference-coreapi/11.5/en-us/Configuration/TypoScriptSyntax/Index.html>`__
    of this chapter when using TYPO3 versions older than v12. More details of changes implemented with the
    new parser can be found in this :doc:`ext_core:Changelog/12.0/Breaking-97816-TypoScriptSyntaxChanges`
    and this :doc:`ext_core:Changelog/12.0/Feature-97816-TypoScriptSyntaxImprovements`

>     Changelog entry.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    changelog entry.
```
